[GSProcessing] Add support for Rank-Gauss Feature Transformation (#615)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/gs-processing/developer/input-configuration.rst

         imputation. Can take the following values:
         - ``none``: (Default) Don't normalize the numerical values during encoding.
         - ``min-max``: Normalize each value by subtracting the minimum value from it,
         and then dividing it by the difference between the maximum value and the minimum.
         - ``standard``: Normalize each value by dividing it by the sum of all the values.

>          - ``rank-gauss``: Normalize each value by rank-gauss normalization. It maps the numeric feature values
>          to gaussian distribution based on ranking. Rank-gauss normalization requires lots of data reshuffling,
>          so it will be a great cost for memory. It is only for single column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         - ``rank-gauss``: Normalize each value using Rank-Gauss normalization. Rank-gauss first ranks all values,
         converts the ranks to the -1/1 range, and applies the `inverse of the error function <https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.special.erfinv.html>`_ to make the values conform
         to a Gaussian distribution shape. This transformation only supports a single column as input.
```
